what happens gamers welcome back
here to more people gaming I am older
and this is a new top of the most games
expected from warhammer 40,000 seems to be
that games workshop has liberalized
quite your franchise and now many
Studies are launched to make new
video games we hope they are good
starting with which 5
it's better to be an adventure within
the low funds of wallace to see 40,000
where it seems good that we have
to a kind of inquisitor and we're going
pretty good aesthetics
dark very ornate Victorian scroll and
such really is the normal aesthetics and
warhammer current 40,000 more and
above we are supposedly the low ones
funds will be super dark all but
that could remind us a bit of
blackburn however good we could not
maybe wait so much for this game
not because it's going to be for mobile it's worth
iphone mobile although it's also going to be
for windows as it puts and good
Sincerely has some good graphics
for the platform for which it is
designed 4 space wing of edwin hulk
means to that of death and the wing of
death is an elite team of
exterminators inside the angels
dark and the dark angels are a
chapter of space marines so
recognized and renowned within the
universe of warhammer 40,000 that are
basically its strong and what really
promote within this universe of 40
Okay judges
supposedly from this game of which
we really have not come to see
gameplay still but of which already
we have some video that at the same
supposedly time I think it's done
with in game graphics and that's why maybe not
we have moved up from position 4 because I do not know
for now, how are you going to play but
It looks very good and the reason why
which could expect this game is because
the original space hulk is a game of
makes the repera very good but obviously
he has spent the years that was
first person
basically it was about marines
Spacers of Marine Terminators
Spaces facing the known
like the tyrants the xenomorphs the
lighter aliens let's say
visually and the question is that this
game be in a game space july had
an heir a new space hulk does
relatively little but that was a game
by turns it was not as such a game of
shooter action to the usual mode then
I think you would be asked and a little
soul to what the game is in plan to mode
of sequel and I think this cool stage
edwin could recover that same
but what more games could we expect?
now in brief that deserved a lot
the penalty 3
give links to flour yes sir you have
seen a little from game on the channel
because I warned you that it will come out and
also because I have access
anticipated really follow this game already
has this is anticipated and can be
get to play but are the ends of
week and if you're inside the alpha
so good I wanted to put it inside
let 's say it 's ready because it's not a
early access such as the one in
steam we could have the warhammer
40,000 king inside and that then I already
I think it has come out but this one
is still he has to be polished and
all the roll but it looks very good
which is basically an online multiplayer
flour or be a warhammer mode 40,000
fashion and warhammer 40,000 this has to
for eggs to be a valid success the
I really hoped that in some
moment of history gamer go out to a
fashion or warhammer fantasy or
40,000 warhammer has all the potential
of the world because the characters are already
there a very rich and good story because
options
ameal of customization at least or
but pure and hard customization without
many chapters or armies from where
choose skins
and well, evidently in the end it has
come out a very juicy game with a
tremendously tremendous gameplay with their
strong and independent points against
other fashions then by bitsa pop it
remains with the position number 32
I have put the number two for who
who stays forever the cruzeiro the
The crossing will basically be the
putt the front the star wars battlefront
of warhammer 40000 strongly
obviously influenced by battlefield
and especially because of planetside because all
the action will take place within what
that is going to be a planet where diverse
factions are going to dispute the ground
then he's going to have a little roll of
rolle o but above all many battles
super fierce full of action goes to
be the number one action game I
I would say warhammer 40,000 even though
the stress marín was very good game for
is much more focused on the online and
make a really mass game
then orc space marines
tyranids the dash
is going to be a real step t1 and we arrived
to number 1 that is the most boludo the most
podium what we could get to imagine
of warhammer 40000 gothic battlefield
my god, the terrible straw for the
warhammer fanboys 40,000 is a
authentic step at the moment we only have
little more than a trailer that teaches us
let's say vehicles in game in ships that
They are practically like cathedrals
gigantic full of flying cannons
through space we see the imperial fleet
we see supposedly far away a fleet
of the space marines of mother chaos
my love is beautiful is overwhelming
it's mostly because of the fact that it returns
gothic battlefield our hands that is
let's say a sister license of
warhammer 40,000 that is part
obviously of the licenses of games
workshop and that we did not see since the
repera because the game fell basically
in disuse and stopped selling and from this
10 years ago at least then
we are talking about a board game
that had great potential now
happens to be computer game video game
then it 's damn great I do not know
how it will be played I do not know if it will be like the eve
online or star wars in fire at war
have we go everything necessary to be
terribly epic a ship design
totally private and independent and
full of visual charisma as he could not
to be otherwise is warhammer 40,000 is
Gothic battlefield then this game
It has to be the damned rapper because
On the one hand, let us experience the
Space battles of the 40- k universe
and on the other hand, simply for
relive all those anxieties and that spirit
of battlefield kotick that he was doing so much
At least I think that among the
40,000 warhammer fans so nothing
this has been the top of most games
expected of 40 that now in the
comments say if you agree or
make your own top all said
they put it in a good like and we'll see
in the next one arrives
He said
of pure pure red